adman making a life easier
rollers that splatter paint everywhere
brushes that leave marks uneven finishes
and you're just fed up carriages full of
expensive rollers and paint brushes
decorating and painting jobs can be such
a chore but it doesn't have to be like
this
take a lead from the professionals book
and spray the easy way introducing the
paint sprayer Pro a revolution in home
painting and maintenance it's low
pressure high volume design means that
the paint is applied quickly evenly and
with a professional finish professional
painters know that paint spraying is the
method for even coverage quick drying
and a finish that you will be proud of
light portable and easy to clean the
paint sprayer Pro has all the features
of a professional machine but it's
available today for use in your own home
it's reliable solid and robust giving
you many years of pleasure and service
for walls furniture decorative moldings
stencils for that designer look and so
much more their possibilities are
endless and your paint sprayer Pro will
become your best friend around the home
we all like to enjoy our garden but give
it the protection and face-lift it
deserves this fence panel would take
forever with a roller or pump spray
applicator but the paint sprayer Pro
finishes the job in minutes the finish
is superb and the panels are properly
protected adding years to their life and
your garden will be magnificent and
welcoming decking is extremely popular
and versatile get it sealed and treated
and it will give you pleasure for years
to come take this plain boring piece of
furniture a bit of imagination and a
paint sprayer Pro and it's given a whole
new look a welcome addition to any home
simply fill the pot switch on the motor
and you're away the single finger
operation means there's no back-breaking
work mess spills or roller and brush
marks quick and easy application for the
very highest quality finish your friends
will think you paid a fortune for a
professional decorator it works
vertically on walls or your garden shed
and horizontally on ceilings or floors
turn the nozzle this way for a
horizontal spray and this way per
vertical or here for a more concentrated
spray for smaller areas of getting
creative
quick simple and so versatile it will
give you the ability and confidence to
tackle those jobs you never thought you
would get around to as well as giving
your whole home the color finish and
protection it deserves no more messy
time-consuming cleanup of your rollers
hands or your kitchen it's quick it's
easy and you will be amazed at the
results get your very own paint sprayer
Pro take yours to the checkout now